 History of LINUX
 Linux came from a Unix family, Linux is a free and open-source software
 operating system, which Linus Torvalds developed in September 1991.
 In 1991, Linus Torvalds was a student at the University of Helsinki, Finland,
 USA.
 He developed the first code of Linux 0.01 and post it on the Minix newsgroup
 on 17 Sep 1991, his code become so popular people encouraged him to develop
 new code and he was led to develop new code and release the first
 “official” version of Linux, version 0.02 on October 5, 1991.
 Today many year pass and Linux become one of the most popular operating
 systems. Today 90% fastest Supercomputers out of 500 run on Linux variants
 including the top 10.
 Linux File System Hierarchy
 In Linux everything is represented as a file including a hardware program,
 the files are stored in a directory, and every directory contains a file with
 a tree structure. That is called File System Hierarchy.
 Linux uses single rooted, inverted tree-like structure.
 Root Directory represents with / (forward slash) It is a top-level directory in linux
/
 The base of the Linux directory is the root. This is the starting point of FSH.
 Every directory arises from the root directory. It is represented by a forward
 slash (/).
 If someone says to look into the slash directory, they refer to the root
 directory.
 /root
 It is the home directory for the root user (superuser).
 /bin →
 User Binaries
 Contains binary executable.
 Common Linux commands you need to use in single-user modes are located
 under this directory.
 Commands used by all the users of the system are located here.
 /sbin →
 SystemBinaries
 /dev →
 Device Files
 Just like /bin, /sbin also contains binary executables.
 But, the linux commands located under this directory are used typically by
 system aministrator, for system maintenance purpose.
 For example: iptables, reboot, fdisk, ifconfig, swapon
 it contains hardware device files,
 Contains device files.
 These include terminal devices, usb, or any device attached to the system.
 For example: /dev/tty1, /dev/usbmon0
